chore: Continues with data source schema auto-generation (#2815)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/data-sources/stream_processor.md

- `id` (String) Unique 24-hexadecimal character string that identifies the stream processor.
- `options` (Attributes) Optional configuration for the stream processor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))

> - `pipeline` (String) Stream aggregation pipeline you want to apply to your streaming data. [MongoDB Atlas Docs](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-stream-processing/stream-aggregation/#std-label-stream-aggregation) contain more information. Using [jsonencode](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/functions/jsonencode) is recommended when settig this attribute. For more details see [Aggregation Pipelines Documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-stream-processing/stream-aggregation/)

Author: adjusted so data source fields have the same doc as in the resource

> - `pipeline` (String) Stream aggregation pipeline you want to apply to your streaming data. [MongoDB Atlas Docs](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-stream-processing/stream-aggregation/#std-label-stream-aggregation) contain more information. Using [jsonencode](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/functions/jsonencode) is recommended when settig this attribute. For more details see [Aggregation Pipelines Documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-stream-processing/stream-aggregation/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pipeline` (String) Stream aggregation pipeline you want to apply to your streaming data. [MongoDB Atlas Docs](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-stream-processing/stream-aggregation/#std-label-stream-aggregation) contain more information. Using [jsonencode](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/functions/jsonencode) is recommended when setting this attribute. For more details see the [Aggregation Pipelines Documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-stream-processing/stream-aggregation/)
```
